# Meeting 4, third iteration, 2018-04-12

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### Brought people up to speed with the Move issue

There was quite a bit of disagreement regarding how to solve this issue in the best possible way, generally appearing to be a ideological "code fast/code well" conflict. In the end, an agreement by exhaustion was reached - it turns out that the person who feels the most passionate about a problem will prevail and have their way, as the others give up pushing their opinion through.

In other news, we'll be doing it *my* way! - Vegard.

**UPDATE:** Will implement on a separate branch and do a merge request, to be safe.

## Main topic: Cooperate with working on assigned tasks

This group meeting was mainly people working in subgroups and discussing implementation details or resolving problems together with other team members. We had no set topic, and so the groups worked on all sorts of problems all over the place, more or less independently of each other.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We continue to enjoy the success of the work methodology involving *people helping other people*. Everyone seems to have something to work on, and known what to do.

### What didn't work?

Didn't manage to reach an "agreement" per say, regarding issue #89. There was little to no coordination done during this meeting. A problem that might occur is that some things which some members are working on will be dependent on what some other members are working on. For instance, we need to update the accounts to support performance rating, but the way those are saved/loaded will need to be changed again once we add the database.

## Summary

We worked in subgroups and attempted to bring the game forward in each our own way. No proper solution to promotion selection reached, and the team seems to be tired of discussing it.

**Next meeting:** Tuesday, 2018-04-17, Høyteknologisenteret
