# Meeting 6, third iteration, 2018-04-19

## Attendance
- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Permitted leave
- Sverre - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What remains?

Almost all the tasks are finished. The remaining bits:

- Put decoration scribbles on the screen (currently in progress)
- White/black labels: Pushed back
- Revamp of setup screen: Basically done, the remaining part can be pushed back
- Elo rating - Needs draw capability, needs to be put in the UI, otherwise complete

## Main topic: Retrospective, presentation

### Going through the requirements

We went through the requirements and assured we have all of it.

### Retrospective summary

#### Good

- We've added continuous integration, which is really helpful to make sure that all the pushed changes are working. Even if the person who commits doesn't run the tests, anyone can see where something failed and why, and the person who wrote the faulty code gets a mail informing him of his great failure.
- We had most of the functionality implemented already, or close enough, so this time there wasn't as much to do, and we could focus on some of the thing  we wanted to do instead of having our hands completely full with meeting the requirements.
- There are not a lot of good points on this list, but remember, unless otherwise noted we still retain all the good points from the previous retrospective as well!

#### Bad

- UI competence is very unbalanced across the group, we basically have one person who is very capable at the UI and the rest barely scrape by. We're worried about what happens when Robin inevitably dies in two weeks, 5 days, 17 hours and 4 minutes.
  - We should get backend done faster and not wait with it until the last week, so we can use a bit of time to get it into the UI.
- Bad at scheduling tasks, left too much for the latest part of the iteration, weren't as much on top of the project as we would like.
  - It's difficult to figure out a systemic change we can implement to counteract this problem.
- We weren't good with preparing for group meetings with an agenda.
  - There is no solution for this except getting our act together, and I don't know if there is enough motivation within the group to manage that.
- We've largely settled into our respective roles and rarely poke our heads out from there. At this point, it's doubtful whether it's manageable to wrap one's head around the project properly unless you're already deeply entrenched, which is bad and reduces our flexibility
  - It's hard to find a solution to this. The only tenable solution is to just make everyone try to read and understand the project to a certain degree, but this semester has shown that it's difficult to "make" anyone do anything they weren't planning to do anyways.
- Split communication channels - some people prefer Discord, some prefer Facebook, and there seems to be no good way to unify the two camps.
  - It seems we need to resign ourselves to dual-post anything that is important enough.

It's possible that the only thing we can actually do to solve some of these issues is firmer leadership, because there doesn't seem to be much motivation within the team to put in the effort by themselves. However, nobody really wants to step up to the task of being a proper dictator either. This is the fundamental problem we're struggling with.

### Who should do the presentation?

**Maker of presentation:** Benjamin

**Presenter of presentation:** Stian

### Who should do retrospective?

**Retrospective document:** Vegard

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Meeting went generally well, we managed to get through all the items on the agenda.

### What didn't work?

Hard to keep the group focused at all times, as usual. But we mostly managed to stay on track this time, at least compared with some of the previous meetings.

## Summary

Went through the things remaining and distributed tasks. Created a few points for retrospective. Fixed some issues with the project. Hopefully we're ready tomorrow.

**Next meeting:** N/A
