# Meeting 3, second iteration, 2018-03-13

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Permitted leave (sick)
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What has been done?

#### Files established

We have created most of the files specified in the Gitlab issues. Most of the groundwork for the structure has been laid down.

### Role reshuffle

- Benjamin - Code
- Robin E - Tests
- Sverre - Tests
- Robin G - GUI
- Vegard - Docs
- Eirik - Code
- Loc - Graphics
- Stian - Git

Everyone will also be able to take on programming roles as the situation requires it, but these are member specializations and additional responsibilities.

## Main topic: Task assignment and implementation discussion

### Scope of iteration

Pieces don't need to figure out all possible moves in this iteration; only whether a move is valid. It has been decided that we will go for simplicity instead of generality - in other words, passing move history to methods in order to figure out possible moves is not a priority, and even figuring out all the possible moves is not necessarily a feature we intend to implement at this stage.

### Input validation

Input validation happens outside of API calls, the API implementors can also have very basic checks in order to ensure that the argument is not completely ridiculous, as an extra fast-fail possibility. We can use `assert` to perform these validations.

### Set up of project on member computers

We had to use a lot of time to ensure that the project is downloaded and works with everyone's system, so that we can start working on it as effectively as possible after this meeting.

### Oral task assignment

Tasks have been distributed informally among the members.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We went through a lot of topics effectively in the beginning. We also got through a lot of specific issues at the end.

### What didn't work?

We eventually split up in subgroups to work on specific issues. This took longer than it should.

## Summary

We've discussed team organization, implementation details, and ensured that the project exists in a working form on the systems of every member present at the meeting. This is a starting point for future work.

Next meeting: Thursday 2018-03-15, 14:15-16:00, at HÃ¸ytek.
