# Meeting 4, second iteration, 2018-03-15

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Permitted leave
- Sverre - Present
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What has been done?

Most of the pieces have a preliminary implementation. Most of the game structure and utility classes are working. Advances has been made to UI and to AI.

### What is remaining?

Many tests remain to be written. There were a couple of bugs in the code to figure out if a move is allowed - this has been brought to attention. There is still more work necessary for AI and UI.

### Problem: Source code dependencies

It's difficult for some people to keep on working and testing their work because their implementations are depending on the work of other people who are responsible for those parts. Those people can't continue their work in their main area, so we need to find work for them in unrelated areas.

### Feedback from oblig 2 fixups

It was suggested that people who cannot work with other things work on the feedback items from the second oblig.

## Main topic: Implementation details and task distribution

### General implementation detail discussion

We split into subgroups to work on implementation details. People mostly worked alone until they needed to bring something up with someone else, but there was rarely a moment when group members did not communicate about something.

### `Game.performMove` return type change (possibility)

We considered the possibility that a more general approach to `performMove` might be desirable. A few approaches were suggested:

- Return a Move, which contains a list of sequential position changes
- Return a list of position changes
- Let Game handle whose turn it is, and perform multiple moves in sequence

The motivation behind this consideration is two-fold. For one, we may need to perform moves in which multiple pieces change positions in a single move (i.e. castling). It's also possible to envision a board game which we will later have to implement, in which we need to move a single piece multiple times while still considering it a single move. In this sense, this approach would be future-proofing. However, we cannot justify prioritizing this at this moment, since our first priority is getting a working chess game. We'll postpone this until the second iteration, or until we have time to spare.

### Assigning tasks

Some work was done in terms of defining and assigning amendments to the last oblig. One issue was split into more atomic issues, and two issues were assigned to an appropriate person who does not have much else to do at the moment.

### Closed feedback issue

Closed the issue about alternative testing framework since we've already started using JUnit for testing.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

People were very focused on what they were doing this meeting. Everyone had something to work with, so the project moved forwards on many fronts.

### What didn't work?

Not a lot of discussion across the entire group, but again, this was not what we primarily focused on during this group meeting.

## Summary

We made a lot of progress with specific issues, and discussed some important implementation details.


**Next meeting:** Tuesday 2018-03-20, 12:14-14:00, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret
