# Meeting 4, third iteration, 2018-04-12

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What has been done?

- Added a couple GUI things: Confirmation dialog when giving up, error message when choosing same account on both sides

## Main topic: Distribute remaining tasks

### Tasks not to be distributed:

- #59 - ChessPiecePawn.threatens doesn't consider en passant (wontfix)
- #69 - Improve code documentation with JavaDocs (just a general non-functional
  requirement)

### Went through remaining tasks

Assigned tasks:

- #81 Move history                         - Eirik
- #65 Novice user move suggestions         - Stian
- #77 Elo rating                           - Eirik, Robin G must integrate with UI
- #82 SetupScreen revamp                   - Robin G
- #90 Threaten colors more distinguishable - Robin E
- #91 Give up doesn't end game bug         - Vegard
- #92 Sequence diagram                     - Vegard
- #66 Random state                         - Sverre, Robin G must integrate with UI
- #84 UML class diagram                    - Vegard
- #87 Background decorations               - Loc, Robin G must integrate with UI

### Task pushed to backlog
- #86 Black/white labels changed
  - This is not critical to this iteration. We may complete it if we find the time, but we have too much to worry about as it is.

Aside from the tasks previously discussed, all other tasks are now completed.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Got quickly started, distributed all the tasks that were to be distributed.

### What didn't work?

It was difficult to distribute tasks, as our core competence in UI will be spread thin due to a lot of things that need to be integrated with the UI.

## Summary

We managed to complete task distribution and advance some of the tasks to be done.

**Next meeting:** Thursday, 2018-04-19, Høyteknologisenteret


