# Meeting 1, third iteration, 2018-04-03 (AKA Gitlab issues)

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Permitted leave
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Permitted leave
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

N/A

## Main topic: next iteration planning

### Went through the new task specification

#### Activity 1: What did we learn from last oblig?

1. How can we better exploit our human resources?
   - Better at using Gitlab issues
     - Make issues for everything, or close enough as doesn't matter
     - Make smaller issues
     - Refer to the issues in commits
     - Gitlab milestones
     - Everyone responsible for keeping on top of the latest issues
   - Write tests before changing code
1. How can we improve planning?
   - Better at communicating what's to be done to everyone
   - Everyone needs to stay on top of things
   - GITLAB ISSUES
1. Avoid duplication of work?
   - More Gitlab issues
   - Better planning
1. Can we make the git repo simpler to use?
   - Difficult to make it simpler than "everything on develop"
1. How to add more functionality to the program and make it more robust
   - Customization of all the things:
     - Color
     - Disable possible move highlighting
     - Disable/enable sounds: BGM, SFX... sliding volume scale?
   - Better indication of things which happen, for instance: in check?
   - Dismiss game over screen to see board state
   - ISSUE: AI vs. AI - sometimes the "leave game" button disappears
   - ISSUE: Black and white squares are inverted
   - ISSUE: King and queen too similar, hard to tell the difference
1. Update descriptions

#### Activity 2

1. Add these things:
   - Multiplayer: Human against human
     - We have this
     - ISSUE: what needs to be done? (feedback)
   - Advanced level AI
     - ISSUE: better AIs(?)
   - Ranking (tied to accounts)
     - ISSUE: Store ranking in a database
     - *Suggested database:* SQLite
     - ISSUE: ELO ranking?
     - Suggestion: Two people on databases?
   - For beginner players: help by suggesting best move
     - ISSUE: Who are beginner players? (feedback)
   - Sound and/or animations "for enhanced game experience"
     - ISSUE: Sound effects
       - Issue containing list of sound effects to be made
     - ISSUE: Animation effects
   - Add license to all the stuff
     - Should have had issue but it was very quick to fix
   - All Java code documented according to best practices using JavaDoc
     - Create issues for JavaDoc changes
   - The advanced level AI must make a move within 3 seconds... SHIT
     - Parallelize?
     - Stian fixes
   - Start game in random state
1. Feedback to be scheduled as tasks

### Roles reshuffle

Tester role dissolved. Roles for sound and animation maybe to be created. Everyone is responsible for documenting their own code, creating issues and writing tests.

There was general agreement that there should be more distribution of general tasks to each programmer, and that each member has greater responsibility to keep on top of the project.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Group was relaxed but efficient, got straight to work on going through the assignment and figuring out what needed to be done.

### What didn't work?

Hard to get everyone to discuss things at the same time. Meeting devolved into subgroups again.

## Summary

We discussed what we've learned from the previous assignment, as well as the tasks in the next assignment and how to proceed from here. We've begun to define issues and assign tasks.

GITLAB ISSUES!

**Next meeting:** Thursday, 2018-04-05, Høyteknologisenteret
