# Meeting 1, second iteration, 2018-03-06

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Permitted leave
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### Review of last iteration

The TA went through the feedback for the first compulsary delivery.

We will discuss distribution of problem fixing in GitLab issue
- Include which things to be fixed in issue
- Discuss when these changes are due

#### Team/game name and team logo

**Team name suggestions**

- Syntax Highlighters
- Chess Burgers
- Name Pending

**Game name suggestions**

- King of Chess

We will create a poll which people can add options to and vote on until Thursday.

### Went through the coming iteration

#### Notes

- Must provide makefile or run instructions
- Assignment specs on Mitt UiB

#### Suggestions from TA

- Create labels for issues based on the expected products
- Create milestones
- Create issues assigned to some members
- Modify the README with info about the project  (search examples on GitHub)

### Meeting time reschedule discussion

We had a discussion about whether or not to reschedule the Thursday meeting. It was decided to keep it at Thursdays due to all other days being problematic, although it's impractical for some members.

## Main topic: Activity 1

Teamwork: we've gone through it in review

Roles:
- We're flexible, anyone can in principle do anything

Tools:
- Building: Maven
- Testing: JUnit
- GUI: JavaFX
- Git: Git flow, develop + master, feature if it's big, maybe, Stian can fix problems
- Issue tracking: Gitlab issues, in order to avoid having to do screenshots

### Discussion on libGDX

Advantages:
- Better decoupling of graphics and stuff

Disadvantages:
- Possibly harder to integrate with project

Robin will investigate the viability of libGDX, otherwise we will go with the other one.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

More focused during second half.

### What didn't work?

Difficult to keep on track, lacking an agenda. Taker of notes found it difficult to write down all the discussion and at the same time participate. Discussion was slow to progress. Wasted a lot of time with discussing team/game name.

## Summary

We mainly discussed the reorganization of the group, and the plan from here on out. We created some issues on GitLab.

Next meeting: Thursday, 2018-03-07, 14:15-16:00, in a group room at HÃ¸ytek

TODO: Clean up name discussion thing, write that we decided on "Syntax Highlighters"
