# Meeting 5, fourth iteration, 2018-05-10 
## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E  - Present
- Sverre   - Present
- Robin G  - Present
- Vegard   - Present
- Eirik    - Present
- Loc      - Present
- Stian    - Permitted leave

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What has been done?

- Fire Chess branch merged to develop
- A few UI changes

### What remains?

- Final touchups of Burning Chess
- Final touchups of Sjadam
- Fix bugs that cause crashes: #124 and #106
- Go through stuff and add JavaDoc

### Which issues will not be fixed?

- #97 - Better select dropdown menu for accounts (no time)
- #112 - Implement "save history to file" function (no time)
- #59 - ChessPiecePawn.threatens doesn't consider en passant (this has been a known flaw for a while, and the reasons it will not be fixed are detailed in the issue)
- There are a lot of "nice to have" features/improvements we'll simply have to decide not to prioritize

## Main topic: Final touchups and presentation

### Deliverable checklist

#### Completed

- [x] Minutes of meeting
- [x] Team plan, process and project plan
- [x] Screenshorts of taskboard
  - N/A
- [x] Short description of main classes, interfaces and relationships in the design model
  - Not considered changed
- [x] Source code and build script for the application
  - Considered mostly complete, aside from a couple of bugs
- [x] Licenses for source code, build script and images/graphics used in application or documents

#### Diagram updates (generally handled by Vegard)

- [ ] Updated diagrams and or documents as requested in feedback from oblig 4
- [ ] Design model, updated for new requirements
- [ ] Sequence diagrams for the new features added in this oblig

#### Final touch
- [ ] A jar file with the executable application (add to repo) - Stian
  - Fixed when merging

#### Documentation

- [ ] Product user manual   - Loc
- [ ] Retrospective summary - Vegard
- [ ] Presentation          - Benjamin

#### Bug fixes

People are working on fixing the bugs discussed previously.

#### Small UI issues getting fixed

Robin is editing some assets for an improved graphics experience.

### Accomodations

This group meeting was hosted by Eirik, and he provided essential sustenance while we worked. This would not have been possible without him. He has our eternal gratitude.

### Presentation

We're just going to push this onto Stian again. He'll have to deal with it.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Group was in high spirits, as is custom for the last meeting in an iteration. We managed to get most of the things we intended to do during the meeting done, and the members know what to do going forward. The music and food was enjoyable!

### What didn't work?

The meeting was a bit disorganized, but agreeably so.

## Summary

We made decisions regarding where to focus our efforts in the final stretch, and who should do what. This was the final meeting.

**Next meeting:** N/A
