# Meeting 6, second iteration, 2018-03-22

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present with a gold star
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Permitted leave
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What has been done?

Chess application has been polished and some minor bugs have been fixed.

Retrospective points have been written.

### What remains?

Retrospective must be written into a coherent document.

There is some UI that remains to be done. The accounts manager/class/things sorts things incorrectly and needs null checks and equality checks to work properly.

There's a problem with the hard AI that it does more steps the first turn than it's supposed to. We need to fix this.

The AI gets stuck in a pattern after a little while, seemingly.

We need to make a presentation for tomorrow.

Randomly game over when AI against AI happens.

Attribution, update of README.md

Get the updated use case diagram into the product spec and HTML, if possible.

Missing case in isGameOver method of game: Stalemate case

Missing JavaDoc in various files

## Main topic: Task distribution

### Retrospective document

Benjamin wrote the points, Vegard will edit it together in LaTeX

### AI problems

Stian has pushed a fix that might be working

### Presentation

We are making Stian our spokesperson for this presentation. He has things to say. He will say them. The PDF is sent to him in Discord

### Account

Eirik fixed

### UI

Robin G is working furiously on the remaining UI issues

### Updated use case diagram

Loc will try to get the missing files pushed, Vegard can integrate them in the product spec

### JavaDoc

Vegard can do all logic-related JavaDoc comments which are missing. Robin G might need to do the UI ones

### Updated README: attribution, licensing.

Stian has some attribution we need to include. Loc/Robin G has made most of our graphics, we should attribute them. Is there a license on those images? Do we need to make one for the sake of this project? Build script was made by Robin G. Need to put in libGDX license. Built-in Windows font "segui" license?

Stian makes a Gitlab issue.

### Stalemate case

Robin E fixed

### More tests

Sverre is making more tests. Many team members have been testing the game manually and noting things which are odd/wrong.

### Subgroups worked on tasks

People worked in subgroups on remaining tasks since there was not a lot more for the group to discuss altogether.

### OH SHIT WE'RE LACKING SEQUENCE DIAGRAM TODO TODO TODO

I'll get to it.

### Also: description of class diagram

Thank you Benjamin, I would never have noticed.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We got through all the things we had on the agenda fairly quickly, which left a lot of time to discuss implementation details. High spirits today!

### What didn't work?

Group meeting was a bit disorganized this time, hard to keep a proper overview of what's remaining and what's to be done. We realized a lot of small things which remain to be done, so we'll have to work on that tonight. But we're in the home stretch.

## Summary

We identified things to be done before tomorrow at noon and distributed tasks.

**Next meeting:** N/A
