# Meeting 4, fourth iteration, 2018-05-08

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Permitted leave
- Robin E  - Present
- Sverre   - Present
- Robin G  - Present
- Vegard   - Present
- Eirik    - Present
- Loc      - Present
- Stian    - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

We didn't have a structured pre-meeting catchup this meeting. This was in part because there weren't a lot of things that had happened since last time (or at least, not much that had made it to the online repo), but it was also because no one really took the initiative to really take charge of the meeting from the start. We just naturally began working on the issues in the project right away.

## Main topic: Advancing remaining issues

We worked on our separate issues, fixed minor bugs, and helped each other out. Meanwhile, other team members were busy testing various aspects of the new game features.

### Decisions were made

Throughout the last few meetings, we have come to a few decisions regarding the new features. They'll be recorded in this minutes of meeting document, although some of these decisions were reached a while ago:

- Multiplayer will only support regular chess, due to the quirks of the other modes making it more difficult to synchronize
- FireChess will not support AI mode, because the core idea of it does not lend itself well to an AI player
- Sjadam will not support AI mode, due to a lack of time to implement and test the required methods

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We generally made progress with several of the issues in the project.

### What didn't work?

This meeting was a lot less structured than usual. The group felt a general lack of initiative to go through the administrative motions. As a result, they just didn't happen. We'll have to try to stay more focused for the next and final meeting.

## Summary

We worked on advancing the progress and fix the bugs, but neglected the administrative tasks this meeting. Project is nearing completion.

**Next meeting:** Thursday, 2018-05-10, Høyteknologisenteret

**Update:** Meeting rescheduled to 12:00 at Eirik's place.
