# Meeting 5, second iteration, 2018-03-20

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### Distribute the rest of the oblig 2 feedback tasks

- Loc: Use case diagram
- Vegard: User manual
- Vegard: Class diagram

### What has been done?

- UI nearly done
- AI nearly done
- Chess logic nearly done
- All the feedback nearly done

### What remains?

- Fix Use case diagram            - taken
- Fix User manual                 - taken
- Fix Class diagram               - taken
- Finish AI                       - taken
- Finish UI                       - taken
- Add login, statistics, accounts - taken
- Fix bugs/refactor/rewrite
  - Broken king
  - En passant custom Move
  - Refactor hasMoved API to IChessPiece
    - Move undo method needs to reset this also
- Write tests
  - King allPossibleMoves in checkmate is empty
  - King cannot move onto its own pieces test
  - When king is threatened, `Board.isKingThreatened(whitePlayer)` returns true
  - When king is not threatened, `Board.isKingThreatened(whitePlayer)` returns false
  - TODO: write more tests

## Main topic: Task distribution

### Use case diagram: Loc

### User manual: Vegard

### Class diagram: Vegard

### Finish UI: Robin

### Finish AI: Stian

### Login, statistics, accounts: Eirik

### Fix bugs

- King allPossibleMoves broken (should rule out some cases it doesn't) - Benjamin
- En passant custom Move - Stian works on that
- Refactor hasMoved API to IChessPiece (doesn't hinder other pieces, shared behavior by many)

### Tests: Sverre, Robin E

- Try to think of more tests
- If you see an error, write a test for it to document it

### Presentation: Next meeting (?)

### Retrospective: Benjamin will write a draft

### Update run instructions for Mac: TODO

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Solved a lot of specific issues people were having, made advances in coordination and got a better overview of what's required to do and who's to do it. People worked diligently on their own separate tasks.

### What didn't work?

It was extremely difficult to get a proper overview of what's going on, what's remaining, and who can do what. It's difficult to assign tasks to people because not everyone has a clear understanding of every part of the project. Coordination was difficult. Confusion abounded.

## Summary

This meeting was mostly dedicated to coordination, task assignment, and planning for the future.

**Next meeting:** Thursday 2018-03-22, 14:15-16:00, Høyteknologisenteret
