# Meeting 3, fourth iteration, 2018-04-03

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E  - Present
- Sverre   - Present
- Robin G  - Present
- Vegard   - Present
- Eirik    - Present
- Loc      - Permitted leave
- Stian    - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What has been done?

- Moved a lot of code from AI and board to Game classes
  - Bugs happened as a result
- Most of the work done in FireChess and Sjadam
  - Branches need to be merged to develop
- Setup screen has been changed to give more space
- More AI tests
  - Some tests are currently failing, we need to work on this
- Multiplayer setup screen tentatively added, will connect with multiplayer logic

### What remains?

- Merging branches
- Connect multiplayer logic to UI
- Sjadam needs ability to end turn early
- AI on sjadam mode
- We have decided to disallow the use of AI on Fire Chess, but there should be some custom notice in the UI  explaining this if the  player attempts to give it AI players, or some other visual indication that this is not possible to do
- Try to fix tests that are failing

## Main topic: Team programming

We worked in subgroups to advanced the issues we're currently working on.

### Merging of revampsetup branch

We merged the updated setup screen to develop to have the same UI for everyone

### Merging of sjadam branch

We merged the sjadam implementation to develop, since it's mostly complete, and this will give everyone a chance to test the changes, and allow the development of sjadam to make use of recent changes in the UI which are on develop.

### Fixed a few minor issues

- Better labling of players
- Player name length restriction added
- Added test for insufficient material when only kings left, due to this somehow failing

### Move history UI representation update?

It was debated whether we should update the move history so that it displays better in sjadam mode, since it's not very clear under that mode when a turn actually ends (though the history is still unambiguous). It would be nice to have the move history display be updated so that it looks better for sjadam mode, which also would not interfere with the other game modes. However, this would require a drastic update to the UI, which we will not be prioritizing right now

### Move animation improvement/Fire Chess implementation efforts invested

Efforts were made to advance the Fire Chess implementation, as well as fixing the castling and promotion animation hiccups in as general a manner as possible. The efforts extended beyond regular meeting hours.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We were quick to get through the generic agenda, and managed to worked relatively focused through the rest of the meeting.

### What didn't work?

It's difficult to assign issues to people who are not intimately familiar with several parts of the code due to the immense complexity the project has amassed. It's also somewhat difficult to get a handle on what people are working on outside of the subgroups, yet we know that advances were made in all the major areas of the project we are working on.

## Summary

We went through the agenda and advanced the project in several areas. A couple of branches have been merged, and the project is starting to come together.

**Next meeting:** Tuesday, 2018-05-08, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret
