# Meeting 1, fourth iteration, 2018-04-24


## Attendance
- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Absent
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

N/A

## Main topic: Task 1 & 2

### Task 1

- Improve planning to make sure all new features are properly tested
  - Don't close an issue before it's properly tested
  - No one works on something unless there's an issue for it
- Adjust the team's workflow to make better use of the capabilities of git and build tools
  - Check email for continuous integration feedback!
  - Try to research CI to see if we can only allow commits with passing tests to be accepted to develop
- Add requested features and prepare the application for its first public release
  - We'll keep trying to do the thing

### Task 2

We went through the requirements, and settled on the following:

- Multiplayer over network (direct IP to start with)
- Sjadam
- Maybe another rule set

### Subtask distribution

It's difficult to distribute smaller tasks this soon in the development process, since we mainly have 2-3 bigger features to implement, as well as a large refactor process to go through. Thus far, we've decided to distribute the two rule set implementations among two people each, and shove the network implementation onto Stian.

### The Great Game Refactor

It's vital to refactor the Game class to support different game modes. We should have an AbstractGame class that RegularGame and SjadamGame inherit from, as well as any other rule sets we're implementing. The UI shouldn't actually *care* what kind of game it uses.

The problem is that the Game refactoring needs to happen very soon, because most of the tasks we're doing are relying on the Game class being easily extensible. It's hard to start working on anything specific before that.

### Subgroup discussions

We spent the rest of meeting in subgroups attempting to figure out specifics. We also had people who started working on the Game refactoring.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We got through tasks 1 and 2 relatively quckly this time. We feel optimistic about the project's future.

### What didn't work?

It's hard to assign any particular issues to anyone, because we have broad features to be implemented instead of smaller stuff to incrementally add. Group lost energy towards the end.

## Summary

We went through tasks 1 and 2 and decided on what to do for this iteration. We've decided on a rough distribution of tasks.

**Next meeting:** Thursday, 2018-04-26, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret
