# Meeting 2, third iteration, 2018-04-05

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### Transition to gradle and project folder structure reshuffle

We shifted to Gradle because it's a lot easier to deal with than Maven. Source code is now located in the folder `src/main/com.syntax_highlighters.chess/`, since Gradle automatically defines the package correctly based on the package statement in the source code files. Tests are located in `src/test/com.syntax_highlighters.chess/general` (for general tests). New instructions for building and running the project, and for running tests, is in README.md.

### AI update

AI code is now parallelized and thus much faster.

### Move class changes

The getters in Move and its subclasses now take a Board argument, and do not store references to pieces upon creation. However, when `DoMove` is performed, references are stored which are specific to the Board it's performed on, so at that point the Move is tied to the Board the move was performed on.

### Continuous integration

Tests are now automatically run on a remote potato whenever changes are pushed to Gitlab, so we can see which commits break which things when.

## Main topic: Working on tasks

We worked in subgroups on our assigned tasks. Some new tasks were also defined.

### Ensured the new project build system works for everyone

We resolved issues and conflicts arising for team members switching to the new build system, so that everyone could start working on the updated project.

### UI role distribution

Up until now, Robin G has had more or less sole responsibility for the UI. From today, Vegard will also assist in improving the user interface where he can, because there i  a lot of work to be done in that area and we really need to offload some of that responsibility to someone.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Everyone got the project working, and people were able to get started on their tasks. Being able to bounce ideas off each other in a pair programming-like fashion was at times useful.

### What didn't work?

There was not a lot of subgroup cross-communication, aside from some basic troubleshooting, and it's doubtful whether everyone is entirely clear about what their tasks are. We should coordinate more in the Discord chat before the next meeting. We should probably also have planned more in advance in order to ensure that we could distribute tasks to everyone efficiently.

## Summary

We got the new system working and started working on our different tasks. We still need to figure out what to do about storing the accounts info in databases.

**Next meeting:** Tuesday, 2018-04-10, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret
