# Meeting 2, second iteration, 2018-03-06


## Attendance

- Benjamin - Permitted leave
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Robin G - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Absent
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### Sverre created issues

Created the issues mentioned in issue 8, grouped by theme. Will assign them this meeting.

### Notification of absence

- Robin: Gone next Thursday
- Loc: Thursday 22nd

Notification was already given last meeting.

## Main topic: Creating and assigning tasks

### Functionality overview

This is an overview of the higher level requirements split into subrequirements. For the time being, we will focus on creating the interface, and thereby specifying the behavior, of the different elements of the chess game which need to interact with each other.

- Human player play against easy/intermediate AI
  - Interface design
    - Player interface (easy)
    - ChessPiece interface (easy/intermediate)
  - Abstract/concrete classes
    - AbstractPlayer (create class)
      - HumanPlayer (create class)
      - AbstractAIPlayer (create class)
        - SimpleAIPlayer (create class)
        - IntermediateAIPlayer (create class)
    - AbstractChessPiece (create class)
      - Pawn (create class)
      - Knight (create class)
      - Rook (create class)
      - Bishop (create class)
      - Queen (create class)
      - King (create class)
    - GUI (intermediate)
    - Game (easy/intermediate)
    - Board (easy/intermediate)
    - Move (easy)
    - Position (easy)
  - Implementation of classes
    - Do not create issues yet
- Support of chess rules
  - Do not create issues yet
- Winner statistics
  - Do not create issues yet
- Players create account for statistics
  - Do not create issues yet
  - Sverre has expressed interest for this task

Refer to the class diagram for the interface of the different elements of design to implement.

### Non-functional reqs.

- Pictures and graphics need open license
  - For the time being, just use some graphics we can find online that are open source, in order to save time. We can change the graphics later.
  - Someone should be assigned the task of finding such graphics
- Source code and build scripts need open license
- Java code documented using JavaDoc
- Simple AI make move within 1 sec
- Medium AI make move within 3 sec
- Easy to expand application

These things are things the members need to keep in mind while designing their implementations, and/or work towards when improving their code.

### Tests

A lot of different suggestions for tests were created. One of our test managers wrote them down in a document. We will have to create issues for creating tests. We want to write these tests quickly, preferrably immediately after designing the interfaces, in order to assure that our program is working correctly.

### General design approach

We had a lot of ideas which we will not be implementing during this iteration, due to the need to focus on the barest minimum. The general guidelines our developers should follow is: Implement the simplest thing that satisfies the requirements.

### Git usage

Adding files will be pushed directly to development branch. For the time being, that's the only branch we will be using. Develop branch was created in the git repo.

Documentation should be pushed to develop just like source code. When merging back into master, it should basically be a release version of some kind.

#### How often to do merges with master?

1. Every meeting <- NO
1. When oblig is done <- not necessarily
1. When we feel like we have something which could be a release <- Yes

### Switching to libGDX

Robin G managed to get a working version of libGDX which can easily be integrated with the project, so we can switch to libGDX as our GUI project thingy. We will incorporate this in the appropriate place in the documentation.

### Issue creation

Created issues for creating interface and abstract/concrete classes for game entities and other important structures.

### Assigning tasks

Assigned the issues of creating interfaces and abstract classes to people by "category" (player-related classes, piece-related classes, and general structures required to run the game such as Game, Board, Position, Move, etc).

Assigned the issue of finding graphics for this iteration of the game.

We also have a group of two people working on creating and fleshing out the specifics of the tests which must be written.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We got a lot of things done today in the vein of splitting up bigger goals in small subtasks and assigning them to different people, and also a lot of progress was made in the vein of testing specifics and researching libGDX as a viable option for the project. The members were largely active and focused. A lot of smaller specific questions were answered quickly, which allowed the planning of the work to move forward relatively smoothly.

### What didn't work?

A lot of things weren't discussed in the group as a whole, but rather in smaller, dedicated subgroups (although this made the progress of those discussions more rapid). We had some missing members, so the entire group may not have gotten its say.

## Summary

We were able to create and distribute a lot of tasks regarding the class hierarchy/source code file structure of the project, and also discussed testing and made progress in migrating to libGDX.

Next meeting will be at Tuesday 2018-03-13, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret, at 12:15-14:00
