# Meeting 3, third iteration, 2018-04-10

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E - Present
- Sverre - Present
- Vegard - Present
- Eirik - Present
- Loc - Present
- Stian - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### Databases decision reached

Due to having tried to make the databases work online and failed, it was decided that we'll have a local database in SQLite. Benjamin is working on it.

**NOTE:** If we're implementing ELO ratings, we need support for that as well in the database.

### Feedback from last assignment

We consulted our TA regarding the missing attributes/methods in the UML class diagram. We've included few-to-none attributes, but the entire public API as it were at the end of the assignment, but these are hidden from the picture version because that would make it all too complex and impossible to get an overview from. However, the API can be expanded in the editable version.

There has been created an issue on Gitlab detailing the steps to be taken in order to meet the requirements presented by the feedback and resulting consultation with our TA. See issue #84 for details.

### Completed since last time

- Refactoring of SetupScreen in the GUI
- Changed king asset to make it more different from queen
- Refactoring of duplicate methods in screens to AbstractScreen
- PlayerAttributes added for GUI
- Color picker added to setup, default colors white and black

## Main topic: Going through Gitlab issues and assigning tasks

### Various discussions/work done

- Sound
- UI improvements
- Usage of performMove

Working together with other programmers proves to be a very educational experience, as we discuss solutions to different problems and are acquainted with different approaches.

### Issues created according to feedback

- Font choice
- "Give up" confirmation dialog
- UML class diagram changes

### Other issues created

- Change UI captions which refer to "white/black" to instead refer to "player 1/player 2"
- Draw scribbles we can scatter around the chess board because it's fancy

### Assigned issues

- UML class diagram changes (#84)
- Add Elo rating support to accounts (#77)
- Font choice (#83)
- Move history (#81)

### Continued tasks

- Working on sound
- Working on database creation
- Creating random game states

### Sound

Possible sound effects were discussed. Plans to be done with sound effects by Thursday.

### Elo rating

Elo rating exchanged with "performance rating" due to the increased simplicity. See [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) for more info.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

People generally worked effectively, we are steadily advancing. Team members continue to learn from each other and improve and gain understanding of various areas of the project.

### What didn't work?

Documentation manager was occupied with TA discussions/issue creation for long stretches of time, and was thus unable to document the discussions taking place in the group in the mean time. Much grief and sorrow resulted.

## Summary

We were working somewhat effectively at going through the tasks and deciding what each person should do. Also discussed a lot of concrete problems in order to find solutions in the respective subgroups. Steadily advancing.

**Next meeting:** Thursday, 2018-04-12, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret
