# Meeting 2, fourth iteration, 2018-04-24

## Attendance

- Benjamin - Present
- Robin E  - Present
- Sverre   - Present
- Robin G  - Present
- Vegard   - Present
- Eirik    - Present
- Loc      - Present
- Stian    - Present

## Pre-meeting catchup

### What has been done?

- Bugfixes
- Move history properly implemented
- Game -> AbstractGame refactor, new game modes can be implemented
- Preliminary code for internet multiplayer has been added

### What remains?

- Keep working on multiplayer, actually utilize the code for sending/receiving to play games
- There are many UI things remaining to be done
- Sjadam rules need to be implemented
- Game copy/undo functionality needs to be implemented
- There needs to be more AI tests for different situations - up for grabs
- UI labels (account names and/or "player 1/player 2" instead of "white/black") - up for grabs

## Main topic: Team programming

We worked in subgroups to advanced the issues we're currently working on.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Got through administrative topics quickly, worked on development relatively efficiently

### What didn't work?

Based on the kind of session this was, there weren't many things in particular that didn't work as intended. As note-taker, I can only speak for myself and the group I was working in. I noticed myself seizing control of the approach to the issue we were solving to a greater extent than I should have - I must work on this. As best as I could tell, the teamwork in the other subgroups was fine.

## Summary

We quickly went through the to-dos and has-been-dones, and spent the rest of the meeting working out specifics in the issues we were assigned to.

**Next meeting:** Tuesday, 2018-05-01, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret
