# Group meeting, Tuesday 2018-02-20, 12:15-14:00

## Attendance

* Vegard   - present
* Robin G  - present
* Stian    - present
* Loc      - permitted leave (hospital)
* Eirik    - present
* Robin E  - present
* Benjamin - present
* Sverre   - absent

## Summary

### Pushing everything to git?

Yes

### User manual in separate document?

Yes. Solved some LaTeX formatting problems.

### banana.pdf?

No

### Standardization

We cleaned up and standardized some documents and parts of the project. Some decisions about standards were made.

## Main topic: Tasks 5 and 6

### Retrospective

#### Good

- Pretty simple oblig, so we knew what to do
- Good person at git
- Good person at latex
- Good communication when help needed, good teamwork
- Good attendance
- Very nice crown

#### Bad

- Difficult to cooperate/coordinate even with 8 people, even when pretty similar
  - Could become more difficult later on
- Used a lot of time to figure out what everyone should do
- Hard to distribute tasks into enough subtasks for everyone
- Communication: a lot of back-and-forth with which communication channel to use
- Communication and coordination issues
- Difficult to keep group focused during meetings

### Presentation

Will be made in powerpoint, max 10 minutes

### Task division

- Vegard: Product specification cleanup/standardization
- Stian: Retrospective document
- Robin G: Presentation manuscript
- Benjamin: Presentation powerpoint

## Meeting review

### What worked?

All previous deliverables properly added.

### What didn't work?

Slow start. Mainly minor decisions made. Group was low energy(?), hard to keep on track.

## Conclusion

Next meeting: Thursday 2018-02-22 14:15-16:00 wherever is free (probably the original group room tho)
