# Group meeting, Thursday 2018-02-22, 14:15-16:00

## Attendance

- Everyone but Sverre present

## Summary

### Check that everything is in order

- Repo structure: check
- Sensible commit messages: check
- Documents in LaTeX: check
- Does everything have a PDF version: check
- Do we have a LaTeX of all minutes of meeting: soon! (after this meeting, check)
- Team plan: check
  - Version control: git
  - Communication: discord
  - Risks: feature creep, loss of key competence, bad time estimation, etc
- Prod spec: check
- User manual: check
- Process/project plan: check
- Retrospective summary: almost check, Robin fixes changes
- Presentation: topic of today or smth.

## Main topic: presentation

### Presentation powerpoint

Benjamin has a version of the powerpoint, but there is no text.

### Role distribution

- Stian: intro, group presentation
- Vegard: talk about the meetings, what we did and how they went
- Robin G: how we worked, communication/tools
- Benjamin: the good - what we did well
- Loc: the bad and how we fixed it
- Eirik: going forward - risks (feep, bad time estimation)
- Robin E: going forward - risks (integration issues, competence loss)
- Sverre: outro

### Assigning other tasks

- Vegard: Rename all minutes of meetings to their date
- Stian: Check that all documents are present (done)
- Vegard: Check that prod.spec contains the content described in task 2
- Benjamin/Eirik/Loc: Insert information (text) into the presentation

### Meeting early on monday

We're meeting early on Monday at 08:15 to do a presentation test run, but
showing up is not strictly mandatory due to the early timeslot - everyone who
wants a test run can show up :)

## Meeting review

### What worked?

Very high participation and active discussion, made a lot of decisions about
content of presentation, and had a test run of the presentation/decided who
would discuss which parts.

### What didn't work?

We lacked a team member so we 
