# Group meeting, Thursday 2018-02-08, 14:15 - 16:00

## Attendance

* Vegard   - present
* Robin G  - present
* Stian    - present
* Loc      - permitted leave
* Eirik    - present, but was 15 minutes late
* Robin E  - present
* Benjamin - present
* Sverre   - present

## Summary

Brought up the paper crown and the LaTeX transcription topics. Vegard will be
responsible for making a paper crown for Sverre to aid his authority and foster
camaraderie within the group. Vegard, as the documentation manager, will be
responsible for transcribing pervious minutes from meetings to LaTeX.

The topic of git usage was brought up briefely. For the time being, will continue
to push logs to master.

Usage policy of Facebook chat was brought up. It was decided that anything
relevant is acceptable to send in the group chat.

Vegard and Sverre will both be responsible for keeping track of a sort of agenda
for next meeting. Ideas and topics posted to the group chat will be posted to
the agenda.

## Main topic

Stian described the higher level product we will create and went over the
delivery requirements. It was determined that Benjamin and Eirik will be
responsible for creating diagrams and writing the user manual. The rest of the
group is responsible for creating the product description.

[Idea, Eirik] Someone make an illustration of how the pieces can move.

Robin G and Robin E are responsible for creating tests during the development
phase.

User stories were not created during this meeting due to the desired format of
the user stories being unclear.

In the user manual, the introduction to the game was written, the way pieces can
move was illustrated, and rules were outlined.

Suggestion: write presentation in parallell with the specification.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

We've assigned some tasks to different people and started working on the
documentation/plans. The group members worked very efficiently a lot of the
time.

### What didn't work?

What to do until next time was a bit unclear. It was a bit difficult to stay on
task and discuss the topic. This was less of a problem once we started actually
manufacturing the deliveries.

## Conclusion

The next meeting will be Tuesday, 2018-02-13, 12:15-14:00, in group room 205M3,
HÃ¸yteknologisenteret.
