# Group meeting, Thursday 2018-02-15, 14:15-16:00

## Attendance

* Vegard   - present
* Robin G  - present
* Stian    - present
* Loc      - present
* Eirik    - present
* Robin E  - present
* Benjamin - present
* Sverre   - present, but was a bit late

## Summary

### Last meeting recap

We divided subtasks for tasks 2, 4 and 4

### Group chat platform change

After lobbying from some members, the group switched from Facebook messenger to Discord for group communication outside of meetings, due to its superior notification control, multiple channels, flexibility and general advantages over messenger.

We seem to have some extra people in the chat, and we're not sure what to do with them.

### Role assignment

Robin E has taken on the role as the official Chief Excecutive Bullshitter (CEB).

### Process and project discussion

#### What's decided:

* Incremental development process
  * Concentrate on minimum requirements for incremential versions
* Agile
  * List of tasks every meeting
    * Classes we need
    * Tests we need
  * Assign tasks
  * Next meeting: go through the tasks we did, what worked and didn't work, etc.
  * Biweekly meetings

#### What we need to discuss

**Documentation**:
* If we be good, write JavaDoc documentation

**Tests**:
* We need tests on everything to ensure that things are working properly, in order to prove that the program is working correctly
  * Write tests before code? Have separate tester writing tests in parallell?

**Project management activities**:
* Organize meetings
* Make sure that everyone has something to do

**Communication**:
* Discord for day-to-day communication, Facebook for highly important and/or urgent messages

**Trello**:
* Lack of experience with trello within the team
* Probably, stuff will only be added to Trello during meetings
* Sounds useful
* We'll try to see how much it gets used when we get into development

**NOTE: the project and process plan was finalized during the meeting.**

### Taco Tuesday

This was suggested, but nobody seemed very willing to make any effort to purchase the ingredients or make the taco.

## Main topic: group collaboration

There was not a lot to discuss in the group as a whole. The main part of the meeting went to resolving questions and problems individuals had, clearing up parts of the process, and otherwise discussing where we are and where we're going from here on.

It was decided that we cannot begin on neither the retrospective task nor the presentation task yet, because it almost by definition comes at the end of the entire project.

The plan is that the deliverables for previous tasks will be done by next meeting.

### Usage of tools

A few things were cleared up about how to use LaTeX, and people have started pushing deliverables to the team repository. Team members who are new to LaTeX are advised to use Visual Studio Code with an extension which automatically compiles the LaTeX document to a PDF upon saving the file, because of the simplicity compared to introducing a command line tool with a steeper learning curve.

Any and all questions about Git can be asked to @Stian in #help in Discord

### Usage of frameworks

#### Testing framework

We're going to use JUnit for testing due to it being the standard testing framework which most of the members have the most experience in.

#### GUI framework

We have decided to use JavaFX for this project, due to it being a technology most of us have a  least a working level experience with from INF101, as well as having a lot of effects functionality which will be useful when developing a game, as contrasted with a tool intended to accomplish a task. JavaFX also seems to be in more active development, and is thus more likely to be relevant for the future compared to Swing, but this is more of an afterthought, as this project will probably be discontinued by the end of this semester.

## Meeting review

### What worked?

This meeting was a lot less stressful to take notes about than usual. It seems like we managed to clear up some practicalities regarding the technical aspects of the collaboration, such as Git, LaTeX, etc.

### What didn't work?

There was a lot of silent stretches in this meeting, and we didn't really have enough of an agenda to go through. Before we can start on the next subtasks, we need to complete the tasks that come before.

## Conclusion

We cleared up where we're at, reaffirmed assigned tasks, made decisions on usage of tools and frameworks, and answered questions by individual team members.

Next meeting at Tuesday 2018-02-20, 12:15-14:00, group room 209N1, HÃ¸yteknologisenteret.
